Why are you here?
Blind sister, you may have just returned from abroad,
There are some things that I don’t understand, so I’ll give you the Dragon Dragon Arrow a little bit like this.
Hungry is our young master Wanjie.
How about this.
Currently, among our Wan family, there is a Young Master Wan Jie.
If you want to contact Mr. Wanjie,
It couldn't be more appropriate.
Let's go. why are you laughing?
I laugh at you for being an old man,
In addition to what I said, regarding the Ten Thousand Merchants Conference,
Using you to take the lead in formulating, how can you specifically suck up such a thing.
Except for the old man, he only asked me to be responsible for the money before receiving the reception.
Behind the scenes
The crime of losing the old man will be dealt with
Let's process
I heard you have any inside story
My uncle has a son who has been dead for many years
He was chosen to become Wanjia
Cases that will continue in the future
He's talking about you
It’s a good idea to read the American news.
That's what I'm saying